this is my fish story so one day a guy
wanted to start his aquaponics system
and he went out and he got a fish tank
and he got a setup and he filled it with
water and he waited two days to D asset
and then he got gravel in it and a pump
and a narrator and heaters and got it to
around 78 and thought that'd be great
but he didn't do a lot of research on a
fish or on the chemistry of the water
really so he went out and he bought like
five plants and three fish and brought
him home and he put him in the tank and
the fish died 01 shortly after he put
him in a tank and two over the night and
yeah that really sucked so he then
realized that he should probably check
the water in the tank so I went on God
test kit and he checked it the ph was
nine point eight which is really high
that's super alkaline and supposed to be
somewhere between 6.5 to 7.5 and and ph
is kind of like the Richter scale so for
every point one it kind of doubles in
either I'll kindness or acidic pneus
depending on which way you're going and
I was at 9.8 so I was really alkaline
and I realized later on that expanded
clay is very high in a calamity kalindi
client inity anyway so that was throwing
my ph up and then i realized i had
really hard water and so every time I
was adjusting the ph we'd like ph down
or trying to fix it it would bounce back
and the hardness of the water year works
as a buffer system to stop the pH from
coming down so I went out and I got more
fish because I really wanted to fish my
system but this time I tested the water
and I brought the pH down to like 7.8
and I thought that would do the trick I
thought it was a pH so we got some fish
some expensive ones and they died and I
was very upset and then I went out and I
tested the water again and I I give it
some more time and I every much didn't
know what to do and the plants started
dying I've lost two plants little floaty
leaves nice and then I went out bought
three goldfish and a couple days later
they were dead all except for this guy
and he's crazy but he's not dead and
he's been alive for over a week now but
one fish in a 90 gallon tank he's not
going to bring my ammonia up very
quickly I won't get my nitrate nitrite
good stuff for the plans I already put
in prematurely and like crazy I'm not
gonna name him I'm getting through more
gold fish today so he will stop playing
with this reflection 24 hours day and
I'm going to clean the tank and try and
start again slowly so you know I just
hope everything works which it isn't but
it's like well my name's Richard and
welcome to aquaponics in Bowen Island
this is bone islands view these are some
plants that I brought up to this patio
here which is my landlord sweet I live
down below and that was one of our first
tomatoes it was a first cabbage two more
tomato plants they were in such small
pots that didn't actually take off these
guys are arugula and we're going to do a
little test because I planted a bunch of
arugula down stairs as well it's
actually a mix it's got a bunch of mix
different lettuces in there so we're
going to see which take off this is
doing really well just like less than a
week from seed so that's the view just
one floor down not quite the same these
are my strawberries they're going to be
going into the hanging garden gotta get
them out of there pretty quick as we go
this way the nursery and there's a few
there that I planted on this 1082 um
don't really come out to what we got two
of them they're a week old so look at
that it's a miniature cucumber plant
it's not fantastic finish your cucumbers
I should be delicious and here we go
aquaponics
now take a look here you'll be able to
see these are the ones that I planted in
the aquatic just through the seeds in
and they're doing okay I don't know I
haven't decided yet because they've got
a bit further to come out then the ones
did in the dirt so we'll see how it
turns out these are things have grown
into the nursery and I transplanted it
to here and I was less than a week ago
so we're just seeing if they can route
because they were just in those little
Pete balls like pellets so the roots
were stifled and they didn't grow too
much there's the aquarium there's a bit
of a story that goes with that I ran
into some tough times the last couple
weeks when last in part 9 I showed us
getting the aquarium ready I got the
gravel and I cleaned everything up and I
thought I was ready to go and then I
wasn't